c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.dll.mdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\Xamarin_Styles.Android.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Xamarin_Styles.Android.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin Styles\Xamarin_Styles.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
