c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.dll
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.pdb
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid.apk
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\javier\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML\XamarinConditionalXAML.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinConditionalXAML.dll.mdb
