c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\MessagingCenter.Droid.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\MessagingCenter.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Core.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.IO.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.Numerics.dll
c:\users\javie\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter\MessagingCenter.Droid\obj\Debug\assemblies\System.ServiceModel.dll
